Hurt.
men doesn't want to hurt his back.
Last week, he heard it lifting boxes.
He's heard it a few more times.
Lead Lead Lead Kate wants to lead her team.
She led them to victory last year.
She's led them to many wins since.
Lend Lent Lent Jane likes to lend her books.
Last time, she lent one to her friend.
She's lent many books since then.
Ride Rode Ridden Tim tries to ride his
bike daily.
Yesterday, he rode it for two hours.
He's ridden it all week.
Rise Rose Risen John loves to rise early.
Yesterday, he rose at 6 a .m.
He's risen early every day since.
Shoot Shot Shot Max wants to shoot a basketball.
He shot one from half court.
He's shot hoops all afternoon.
Sink Sink Sunk Tom doesn't want to sink
his boat.
Last year, it sank during a storm.
He's sunk three boats since then
. He's sunk three boats since then.
Tear Tore Torn Sarah tries not to tear paper.
Yesterday, she tore a page by mistake.
She's torn many papers before.
Throw Threw Thrown Jack loves to throw baseballs.
Yesterday, he threw one into the stands.
He's thrown them farther every time.
Wear Wore Worn Lily likes to wear hats.
Yesterday, she wore a bright one.
She's worn a new one every day this week.
He's thrown a new one every day this week.
Gracias por ver el video.